Hi, everyone, I'm super excited to see you here, and I assure you, you will be amazed by this course
before starting this course.
We need to go over what this course offers so we know where we're starting and where we are ending.
So first, we are going to dive into what JavaScript is as an as a language.
Then we're going to talk about the different JavaScript variables, data types and basic grammar, basic
syntax of JavaScript.
After that, we are going to talk about JavaScript logic and flow control.
And following that chapter, we're going to talk about two of the most important JavaScript data structures,
which are arrays and objects.
Each of these chapters and upcoming ones, they will be accompanied by multiple many examples.
Then we are going to dive into JavaScript loops functions and the document object model.
The document object model is going to be the connection point between JavaScript and e-mail and see
assess right after we are done with the basic JavaScript concepts, I'm going to give you a 27 different
projects which are going to cover the basic to intermediate level JavaScript.
After you're done with these chapters, we are going to step into advanced JavaScript topics.
So we are going to talk about regular expressions in which I'm going to give you two different use cases
for regular expressions.
Then I'm going to give you data structures and functions from the advanced JavaScript perspective.
Now, whenever you're starting to learn a new programming language, it is it is of utmost importance
to know how it works.
That's why I have dedicated four different advanced chapters to the inner workings of JavaScript.
We're going to talk about scope and then advanced scope hoisting and closure after we know how JavaScript
works.
It is time for us to explore other paradigms of JavaScript, such as object oriented programming.
After we're done with OLP, we're going to talk about how JavaScript handles asynchronous programming.
These chapters will be followed by 12 projects in the areas of regular expressions, object oriented
programming and asynchronous programming.
By the end of this course, you're going to have yet another interesting and cool part, and that is
JavaScript game development.
So I'm going to dedicate an entire section to game development.
And in there you're going to know how this HTML five Kanavis API works with JavaScript and afterwards
you're going to have 11 different games that you will be able to build with JavaScript.
Now, notably, the most advanced and biggest the biggest games are going to be our the connect for
game, the breakout game and the dot connector game.
Now, within these games, I'm going to show you how you can get started, get set up with game development
and JavaScript.
What are different concepts that you can leverage to create better games, as well as how you can get
started with writing AI or artificial intelligence algorithms with JavaScript.
So whenever you're creating a multiplayer game, you can also create a game which you can play against
a computer API.
So with all of these cool concepts and chapters and projects ahead of us, let's not waste any more
time and dive right in.